docs(crashlytics): improve Crashlytics docs in response to #2724 (#3112)
invertase/react-native-firebase: docs/crashlytics/quick-start.md

await firebase.crashlytics().setCrashlyticsCollectionEnabled(true);
```

### Enabling Debug Reports

> By defualt, Crashlytics won't report crashes and logs from builds in debug mode. To enable it, set the `crashlytics_debug_enabled` option to true in the `firebase.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Crashlytics won't report crashes and logs from builds in debug mode. To enable it, set the `crashlytics_debug_enabled` option to `true` in the `react-native` section of your `firebase.json` config file.
```

Reviewer: Just a small suggestion.
